Open Claw new update is insane. OpenClaw
just dropped a new update and it is
insane. Like this thing just went from
coolside project to full-blown AI
operating system. I'm not even joking.
Today I am going to show you every
single feature they just added. And
trust me when I say this changes
everything about how AI agents work.
Stick around because the fifth feature
on this list is the one that blew my
mind. So let me break this down real
quick. If you have never heard of
OpenClaw before, here is the short
version. It is an open-source AI agent
that runs on your computer, not in the
cloud, not on someone else's server, on
your machine. And it does not just chat
with you like a normal chatbot. It
actually does stuff. It connects to your
apps. It reads your files. It sends
messages. It runs commands. Think of it
like having a little AI worker sitting
inside your computer. It's doing tasks
for you all day long. And the reason it
blew up is because it is open source.
So, anyone can build on it. Anyone can
customize it. Anyone can make it do
whatever they want. That is a big deal.
Now, here is where it gets wild. The new
update version 20 26.3.7 just came out.
And they did not just fix a few bugs.
They rebuilt core parts of how this
thing works. So, let me walk you through
every major change. Hey, if we have not
met already, I am the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency, Goldie
Agency. Whilst he is helping clients get
more leads and customers, I am here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. All right,
let's get into it. Number one, new model
support. Openclaw now works with GPT 5.4
and Gemini 3.1 flashlight. Now, why does
that matter? Because your agent can now
pick which brain to use for which task.
Think about it like this. You have a
hard task that needs deep thinking. It
sends that to GPT 5.4. You have a quick
simple task that just needs to be fast.
It sends that to Gemini flashlight. Your
agent is now smart enough to route tasks
to the right model. That means faster
results and way better performance.
Before this update, you were stuck with
one model. Now your agent has options.
And options means speed. Number two, ACP
bindings survive restarts. What? Okay,
this one sounds nerdy, but it is huge.
ACP stands for agent control protocol.
It is the thing that connects your agent
to your coding tools, your IDE, your
longunning tasks. Before this update, if
OpenClaw restarted, all those
connections broke. Your agent forgot
what it was doing. Your workflow died.
You had to start over. Now those
connections survive restarts. Your agent
keeps its state. It remembers what it
was working on. It picks up right where
it left off. If you are using OpenClaw
as a coding agent, this is the feature
you've been waiting for. No more lost
progress, no more broken sessions, it
just works. Number three, slim Docker
builds. Now, if you are deploying
OpenClaw on a server or in the cloud,
this one is for you. They switch to
multi-stage Docker builds. What does
that mean in simple words? Smaller
containers, faster deployment, less
stuff you do not need in the final
image. If you are running this in a home
lab or on a cloud server, your setup
just got way lighter and way easier.
This is one of those behind-the-scenes
changes that makes a massive difference
when you are actually running this thing
in production. Number four, secret ref
for gateway authentication
security upgrade.
Before this update, people were putting
API keys and passwords directly in
config files. That is not great. Now,
OpenClaw has something called secret
ref. Instead of putting your actual key
in the config, you reference it
securely. So, your config file looks
clean. Your secrets stay safe. No more
accidentally leaking your API key
because you pushed a config file to
GitHub. We have all been there. This is
how real production software handles
secrets. And now OpenClaw does it too.
Now before I get to the biggest feature,
I want to tell you about something. If
you are watching this and you are
thinking, okay, I want to actually use
tools like OpenClaw to automate my
business and get more customers, then
you need to check out the AI profit
boardroom. It is the best place to scale
your business and get more customers
with AI automation. We are talking about
using AI agents like OpenClaw to build
real workflows that save you time every
single day. I will drop the link in the
description and comments. Go check it
out. All right. Now, number five, this
is the big one. Pluggable context
engines. Let me explain why this is so
important. Every AI agent has a memory
system, right? It needs to remember what
you told it. It needs to remember what
it did. It needs to keep track of
context.
Before this update, OpenClaw handled all
of that internally. One system, one way,
you got what you got. Now, they made it
pluggable. That means you can swap in
different memory systems. You want
vector memory, plug it in. You want
summarization so it compresses old
context, plug it in. You want long-term
memory that persists across days and
weeks, plug it in. You want context
compression so it can handle massive
workflows without running out of memory.
Plug that into this is like turning the
memory system into Lego blocks. You pick
the pieces you want. You build the
memory system that fits your use case.
And this is what makes OpenClaw feel
less like a chatbot and more like an
actual AI operating system because now
you can customize how it thinks, how it
remembers, how it processes information.
That is a fundamental shift. Number six,
him image support. Quick one but useful.
If you use an iPhone, you know your
photos are saved in hyphe format. Before
this update, Open Claw could not read
those. Now it can. So, if you want your
agent to analyze photos straight from
your phone, it just works. No
converting, no workarounds. Just drop
the image in and let the agent do its
thing. Number seven, Zalo channel fixes.
Zo is a messaging platform that is
massive in Southeast Asia. Openclaw
already integrates with WhatsApp,
Discord, Telegram, and Slack, but the
Zalo integration had some bugs. They
fixed those. So, if you are building
agents that talk to people on ZLO, it is
now way more stable. This shows that the
open claw team is not just building for
one market. They are thinking global.
Now let me zoom out for a second because
I think a lot of people are going to
look at this update and think oh cool
some new features. But that is not what
is happening here. What is happening is
open claw is turning into
infrastructure. It is going from a cool
tool to a platform. Pluggable memory
secure credentials persistent sessions
slim deployments. These are not toy
features. These are the building blocks
of serious AI agent systems. the kind of
stuff that companies build on top of the
kind of stuff that becomes the
foundation for real automation. And here
is what I think is going to happen next.
I think we are going to see an explosion
of custom agents built on OpenCloud
because now the framework is flexible
enough to support almost any use case.
You want an agent that monitors your
GitHub repos and opens issues when tests
fail, you can build that. You want an
agent that manages your files and
schedules your tasks, you can build
that. You want an agent that runs system
commands and automates your entire
workflow. You can build that and because
it runs locally, your data stays on your
machine. You control everything. That is
the real power here. Open source plus
local plus modular equals total control.
And that is what people want. So if you
have not tried OpenClaw yet, now is the
time. This update makes it easier to set
up, easier to deploy, and way more
powerful than before. Go check out their
GitHub, pull the latest release, start
building. Now, if you want to go even
deeper with AI tools like OpenClaw and
learn how to automate your business and
get more customers using AI agents, join
the AI profit boardroom. It is the best
community for learning how to use AI
automation to scale your business. We
break down tools like this every single
week. I will put the link in the
description and comments. And if you
want the full process, SOPs, and over a
100 AI use cases like this one, join the
AI success lab. links in the comments
and description. You will get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Make sure you like
this video, subscribe if you have not
already, and drop a comment below
telling me which OpenClaw feature you
are most excited about. Julian reads
every single comment. I will see you in
the next one.